.TH _printf 3 "11 july 2022"
.SH NAME
.B
_printf
- Prints output according to printf C command, generating an output to stdout.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include "main.h"
.sp 1
int _printf(const char *format, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
_printf is a custom implementation of the C programming function printf. Receives a input in the form of 
.I
format 
and a variable quantity of arguments in the form of a 
.I
list
.
.sp 1
This project is an application of the C programming language learnt by Marcelo Rodriguez and Belen Matto as students from cohort 18 at Holberton School Uruguay.
.SH FORMAT OF THE FORMAT STRING
The format string is a character string. It is formed of multiple ordinary characters (except "%") that will be printed unchanged in the output stream. When the character "%" is reconognized in the format string, _printf will searchs if correspond to any conversion specifiers. In that case, the conversion will execute.
.SH CONVERSION SPECIFIERS
.TP
-c
The argument received is converted to a char. The result is printed.
.TP
-s
The argument received (type const char*) are printed like a pointer to a string (an array of characteres). The result is printed but not including the terminating null byte.
.TP
-%
The '%' character is printed. No argument is converted. The complete conversion correspond to "%%".
.TP
-d, i
The argument received is convert to a signed decimal notation. The result is printed.
-b
The argument received is convert to a binary. The result is printed.
.SH AUTHORS
Marcelo Rodriguez & Belen Matto
.sp 1
Holberton School, 2022
